RN 1.4.0 (#187)
percona/everest-doc: docs/release-notes/Percona-Everest-1.4.0-(2024-12-15).md

    ![!image](../images/remove_db_wizard_edit_resource_widget.png)

=== "Operators support"

    ### Support for PSMDB Operator v1.18.0 and PG operator 2.5.0

    Starting with Percona Everest 1.4.0, we are thrilled to announce that we have added support for PSMDB Operator v1.18.0 and PG operator v2.5.0.

## New features

- [EVEREST-1511](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1511): We have introduced Helm charts, which simplify the Percona Everest deployment process by packaging all necessary resources and configurations. These charts are ideal for automating and managing installations in Kubernetes environments.

- [EVEREST-1512](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1512): You can now seamlessly upgrade your Percona Everest installation using Helm, a package manager for Kubernetes. This streamlined process simplifies the upgrade experience.

- [EVEREST-1673](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1673): Starting with Percona Everest 1.4.0, we have introduced new `everestctl` commands to manage your namespaces.

> - [EVEREST-908](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-908): Starting with Percona Everest 14.0, the **Overview** page now includes the **Connection URL** in the **Connection Details** section of the **DB Details** widget, allowing you to copy it directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EVEREST-908](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-908): Starting with Percona Everest 1.4.0, the **Overview** page now includes the **Connection URL** in the **Connection Details** widget, allowing you to copy it directly.
```

- [EVEREST-1187](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1187): We’ve resolved the issue that prevented Point-In-Time Recovery (PITR) from being enabled for the PostgreSQL database after setting up backup schedules on the **Backups** page.

- [EVEREST-1235](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1235), [EVEREST-1254](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1254): `everestctl` now provides relevant error messages when using the `install` command, helping you identify any issues that occurred during the installation process. For instance, if the kubeconfig is unavailable, the cluster configuration is incorrect, or the cluster cannot be connected to, `everestctl` will display an appropriate error message.

- [EVEREST-1254](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1254): During the uninstallation of Percona Everest, an unusual error code appeared at the end of the process. The issue has been resolved now.

> - [EVEREST-1301](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1301) \[UI\] Mongodb backup schedule can't be created if a schedule with a different backup storage is created in db edit
> 

Reviewer: I think we should remove this because since the editing wizard has been removed this bug no longer applies
```suggestion
```

- [EVEREST-1399](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1399): The **Resource per node** now accurately displays the value set during database creation. Previously, there was a mismatch between the value chosen at setup and what was shown when editing the database. Instead, it defaulted to **Custom**, which was not the initial selection. 

- [EVEREST-1407](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1407): We've resolved an issue where a user lacking the necessary RBAC permissions could access specific information in Percona Everest.

- [EVEREST-1440](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1440): We've resolved an issue that caused a delay while loading the **Backups** page. Furthermore, the **Add Storage** option was displayed on the **Backups** page even though the user did not have backup storage permissions.

- [EVEREST-1518](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1518), [EVEREST-1604](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1604): We've resolved an issue that permitted users to view and edit DB clusters, as well as restore to the same DB cluster, even if they lacked the necessary permissions for the database engine(s).

> - [EVEREST-1534](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1534) \[RBAC\] '/databases' page does not show any individual dbs from the policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EVEREST-1534](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/EVEREST-1534) The **Database clusters** page was empty for users with access to only one database cluster. This issue has now been resolved.
```
